# Visualization-space-time-propotion-

The main purpose of visualization is to drive the minster of energy understand the timeline of energy use in India’s various states. business intelligence (either from inaction to action, or from misinformation/lack of information to information). Dataset brief : The primary energy consumption in India is the third biggest after China and USA with 5.6% global share in 2017. The energy policy of India is largely defined by the country's expanding energy deficit and increased focus on developing alternative sources of energy, particularly nuclear, solar and wind energy. India ranks 81 position in overall energy self-sufficiency at 66% in 2017.

India's energy crisis is set to deepen as top producers of coal, natural gas and oil recently said their output will grow little in the next few of years – not what the country wants to hear at a time when its thirst for fuel shows no sign of abating. This means more fuel imports and costlier import bills at energy companies. It also means India's energy sector is becoming increasingly vulnerable to global supply disruptions and price volatility due to events like Australia's floods and unrest in the Middle East.

Build visualizations that helps the minster of energy understand the timeline of energy use in India’s various states.Help the minster understand the proportion of energy(choose electricity, coal, gas, and oil) use based on industry. To determine which industries are more likely to champion a different energy source.
